what's up YouTube it's always fresh
apparel and today we got a special treat
my boy Vincent he owns his own clothing
line called a rare sight clothing
company you guys should go check him out
I'm gonna put it down below I'm gonna
put the link Twitter everything and
today he sent me two of his shirts free
of charge which is he's a great guy I
mean for him to do that it means a lot
so I'm going to show you what he gave me
today and these shirts are sick
everybody I'm telling you I got it the
second I start wearing these I can
already tell you I'm gonna get looks and
we're gonna get people saying oh where'd
you get that and you know I'm gonna tell
them Vince I'm in a month first of all
that came in this package right here I
can't really give my address you gave me
a note you said hope you enjoy these
shirts I cannot thank you enough for
helping me out I'm forever grateful
we'll keep it up with your channel man
because it is really dope
thank you I can tell you're nice and
genuine person blah blah blah
hit me up Vincent BAM I'm just really
grateful that people are like this
supportive of me so this is kind of my
way of giving back I get a little bit
just kind of showing off the closed-door
like you guys can go check out his stuff
too because really it's something the
nicest clothing animal that I've seen I
mean it's a lot of thought he puts a lot
of creative thought into this and it
really does showing his shirt something
grand putting right now alright so this
is the first it's just an old white tee
it's called the sketch logo tee and
right here it says this is his logo it's
a RS and it says a rare sight basically
what the ars means and right though
there's like an arrow pointing up I just
noticed that and I thought that was
tight on the back there's a cursive
script that says a rare sight right
there this is a size medium it's already
pre shrunk and everything so that's it
and my favorite part about this um the
shirt is that he puts a random patch on
every single shirt and there's like
different colors like
blue-red all that so I got the rave and
that's just say I don't know the patch
on that sleep is just sick to me so this
is a really dope shirt my brother
actually something so my brother
actually saw this and he was like he was
like oh tell them to send me some stuff
like I want that sure that shirts so
tight so yeah you're already getting
people liking your stuff so here's this
this is sick all right everybody here's
that um that logo teehee right here this
is a size medium and there's a pretty
thin fabric so you know it's loose in it
it's good during the summer you know
it's all you don't want to pick fabric
so here's that so if you guys buy
something this is a medium long me i'm
5-8 150 150 pounds so here's that
alright next up and this is probably the
favorite thing that he gave to me
it's the squad a black tank top right
here all black on the back it has a ARS
in green and red for a rare sight and
off front if any of you know what this
looks like it says a rare squad if you
guys know the logo it's the Space Jam
the 1996 movie Space Jam logo with
Michael Jordan Looney Tunes so right
there that is already dope everybody in
here is that tank top to Space Jam logo
this is a size large so this is how it
fits on me again yeah five eight one two
fifty I don't like my like my tank tops
the size bigger because I'd like to be
on tight-fitting it's my body like to be
a little loose so this one fits really
well
we'll do spin around for you
I can definitely see myself
rocket that's for sure thank you guys so
much for watching please be sure to
follow Vincent on Twitter and to check
out his um his website I'm gonna put
them both right here like comment
subscribe alright let me know what you
guys think about the brand
a rare sight clothing company I
personally think it's a really good
brand
um even if he didn't hit me up on
YouTube it's something that I probably
would have bought in stores especially
that black tank top with the Space Jam
logo
I think that's straight sick straight
creative you can tell that you put a lot
of thought behind it so yeah follow him
follow me on Twitter both works widows I
mean right here and remember to stay
fresh I got big things coming up
everybody thank you